standard/contributing: Add guidance on committing changes (#266)
open-contracting/standard-development-handbook: docs/standard/contributing.rst

#. Once approved by James, you can merge it yourself.

Committing changes
------------------

> Make atomic changes in one commit, rather than over many commits. For example, adding a definition to the schema and to the schema reference documentation. That way, reverting a commit doesn't leave the standard in an incoherent state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make atomic changes in one commit, rather than over many commits: for example, when adding a definition to the schema, add it to the schema reference documentation in the same commit. That way, reverting a commit doesn't leave the standard in an incoherent state.
```

Use the following format for commit messages:

.. code-block:: none

>    path/to/page: Capitalized, <72 characters, no period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   scope: Capitalized, <72 characters, no period
```

   A longer description of paragraph text, as needed.

For example:

.. code-block:: none

   primer/releases_and_records: Use "JSON data" instead of "JSON text"

> If the change affects an entire section, you can use, e.g. ``primer: ...``. For updates to the changelog, use ``changelog: ...``.
> 
> For schema changes, replace ``path/to/page`` with the abbreviated name of the specific schema file, e.g. ``release-schema: ...``. 
> Don't list changes to related reference documentation separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *scope* is based on which files were changed:

* The changelog file: ``changelog``
* One Markdown file (can include changes to example files): ``path/to/page``, for example: ``primer/index``
* Many Markdown files in a single section: ``path/to/section``, for example: ``guidance/map``
* One schema file (can include changes to reference pages): the name of the file without extension, for example: ``release-schema``

Other, less-used scopes are:

* ``build``: Changes to the build system (requirements files, ``include``, ``script``, ``Makefile``, ``*.cfg``, ``*.py``)
* ``ci``: Changes to continuous integration (``.github/workflows``)
* ``locale``: Changes to translations (``docs/locale``)
* ``test``: Changes to tests (``tests``)
* ``chore``: Any other change not warranting a changelog entry (e.g. renaming pages or fixing typographical errors, broken URLs, Markdown syntax, etc.)
```
